Add release (#232)
radix-ui/website: data/primitives/overview/releases.mdx

<Description>Radix Primitives releases and their changelogs.</Description>

## 27/08/2021

**All Primitives**

- 🎉 All primitives moved to **Beta** and are now versioned <Badge size="1" variant="blue" css={{ fontFamily: '$mono' }}>0.1.0</Badge>

> - 🔥 Replace polymorphic `as` prop with `asChild` boolean prop <PRLink id={835} />

Reviewer: Do we think it's worth linking to the `asChild` section in docs here since it is quite a significant change and it isn't obvious what the migration path is?

Author: Yes, will do

<PackageRelease name="Dialog" version="0.1.0" />

- ✨ Improve composability with `DropdownMenu` <PRLink id={818} />

<PackageRelease name="Dropdown Menu" version="0.1.0" />

> - ✨ Improve composability with `Dialog` <PRLink id={818} />
> - 🐛 Prevent `pointer-events: 'none'` being stuck in some situations <PRLink id={819} />
> - 🐛 Ensure no wrong text selection happen in Firefox <PRLink id={812} />
> - 🐛 Fix regression with sub triggers on iOS safari <PRLink id={820} />

Reviewer: If you wouldn't mind, can we make some small copy tweaks to help me follow this? 🙏

```suggestion
- ✨ Improve composability with `Dialog` <PRLink id={818} />
- 🐛 Re-enable `pointer-events` when closed <PRLink id={819} />
- 🐛 Prevent body text from selecting on close (Firefox) <PRLink id={812} />
- 🐛 Ensure sub triggers always receive focus on click (iOS Safari) <PRLink id={820} />
```

That last one wasn't a regression. If a consumer added an `onClick` handler to anything in a submenu this bug would have occurred in the existing versions currently released today. We just made some changes that helped us realise that issue.
